Adds Prerequisite section. (#158)
plus3it/tardigrade-ci: README.md

  yaml/lint                           Lints YAML files
```

> ## Prerequisite

Reviewer: Let's keep the level-2 heading as "How to use", and add a new level-3 heading for the Prerequisites...
```suggestion
## How to use
```

This project can be utilized one of two ways, via Docker or via Makefile include.

> Although `tardigrade-ci` can be utilized via Docker, the `tardigrade-ci` framework still requires a Makefile to function as intended. A simple Makefile will suffice:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Prerequisite

Regardless of the method for using `tardigrade-ci`, the `tardigrade-ci` framework requires a Makefile to function as intended. A simple Makefile will suffice:
```
